program to print ASCII value of 10 characters


 #include<stdio.h>
int main()
{
char cha='a';//declaring and assigning character variable
char chb='A';//declaring and assigning character variable
char chq='b';//declaring and assigning character variable
char chc='c';//declaring and assigning character variable
char chd='d';//declaring and assigning character variable
char che='f';//declaring and assigning character variable
char chf='g';//declaring and assigning character variable
char chg='i';//declaring and assigning character variable
char chj='k';//declaring and assigning character variable
char  chp='m';//declaring and assigning character variable
printf("cha = %d",cha);//printing  the ascii value
printf("chb = %d",chb);//printing  the ascii value
printf("chq = %d",chq);//printing  the ascii value
printf("chc = %d",chc);//printing  the ascii value
printf("chd = %d",chd);//printing  the ascii value
printf("che = %d",che);//printing  the ascii value
printf("chf = %d",chf);//printing  the ascii value
printf("chg = %d",chg);//printing  the ascii value
printf("chj = %d",chj);//printing  the ascii value
printf("chp = %d",chp);//printing  the ascii value
}
